docs/guides/advanced-concepts/conversions.md, before:

# Conversions

When executing tests, LCT generates Playwright code for the test runner.
As test development progresses, the generated files will change naturally.
LCT stores the different versions of these code files as _Conversions_.

## Select a conversion for execution

In the _Schedule Test_ dialog, you can choose either a specific version number or _Latest possible_.

Each time a Worksheet is executed with the _Latest possible_ option LCT performs the following steps:

1. Call the test converter to translate the test cases and steps into Playwright code.
2. Check if a conversion already exists.
    - If _yes_: Proceed with the next step.
    - If _no_: Set this conversion as version 1. Skip step 3.
3. Retrieve the latest conversion and compare with converter output.
    - If _equal_: Proceed with the next step.
    - If _not equal_: Save the converted output as a new conversion.
    - Note: LCT does not perform comparison directly. Instead, it uses the `SHA256` checksums of the files.
4. Call the test runner with the converted code to execute the Worksheet.

:::note

In Test Suites, the conversion cannot be set.
Instead, it always will use the option _Latest possible_.

:::

## View conversion output

To view the contents of the converted file:

1. Open the Queue page.
2. Select an entry where the desired conversion was used.
3. In the corresponding Actions menu, select _Test Files_.

A dialog will open which shows a list of the test cases on the left and the Playwright code on the right.
More specifically, it displays the content of the `lct.spec.js` file as generated by the converter.

:::note

Variable replacement is part of the execution pipeline. Therefore, values will be shown as entered in the step editor.

To view and download all files in their final state, use the _Test Files_ option in the Actions menu.

:::

Commit message:

Minor changes to conversions page

docs/guides/advanced-concepts/conversions.md, after:

# Conversions

When executing tests, LCT generates Playwright code for the test runner.
As test development progresses, the generated files will change naturally.
LCT stores the different versions of these code files as _Conversions_.

## Select a conversion for execution

In the _Schedule Test_ dialog, you can choose either a specific version number or _Latest possible_.

Each time a Worksheet is executed with the _Latest possible_ option LCT performs the following steps:

1. Call the test converter to translate the test cases and steps into Playwright code.
2. Check if a conversion already exists.
    - If _yes_: Proceed with the next step.
    - If _no_: Set this conversion as version 1. Skip step 3.
3. Retrieve the latest conversion and compare with converter output.
    - If _equal_: Proceed with the next step.
    - If _not equal_: Save the converted output as a new conversion.
    - Note: LCT does not perform comparison directly. Instead, it uses the `SHA256` checksums of both `lct.spec.js` files to detect changes.
4. Call the test runner with the converted code to execute the Worksheet.

:::note

In Test Suites, the conversion cannot be set.
Instead, it always will use the option _Latest possible_.

:::

## View conversion output

To view the contents of the converted file:

1. Open the Queue page.
2. Select an entry where the desired conversion was used.
3. In the corresponding Actions menu, select _Version Details_.

A dialog will open which shows a list of the test cases on the left and the Playwright code on the right.
More specifically, it displays the content of the `lct.spec.js` file as generated by the converter.

:::note

Variable replacement is part of the execution pipeline. Therefore, values will be shown as entered in the step editor.

To view and download all files in their final state, use the _Test Files_ option in the Actions menu.

:::
