---
sidebar_position: 20
---

# Execute the test and inspect results

In the last chapter, we have built a Worksheet with a test case.
Now we want to execute it and gather information about our test run.

## Enable the Live log

The test itself is executed in a test container outside of the LCT application.
To view the output in real time, you can use the _Live log_.
It will be displayed on the right side of the queue page.

This setting is disabled by default.
To enable the live log:

1. Click on your user name on the navigation bar on the right. A small menu opens.
2. Open the _User preferences_ dialog by selecting the corresponding entry.
3. Set the value of _LiveLog enabled_ to _Yes_.
    - Note: If this setting is not visible, it means that the feature is disabled on this instance. See the box below for more information.
4. _Save_ your settings by pressing on the button below.

This preference will be saved in your user account and can be changed anytime.

:::info

If the setting is not visible it means that this feature is not enabled.

To enable the Livelog feature:

1. Go to _Administration > Settings_
2. Click the _Edit_ icon of the _Enable LiveLog_ row
3. Set the value to _Yes_
4. Click _Save_ to apply the changes
5. Reload the page

Now the setting can be enabled in the user settings dialog.

:::

## Schedule your test

If not already done, open the Worksheet.

In the top right corner, click the _Run Worksheet_ button.
The dialog _Schedule Test_ opens.
There are multiple options to control test executions:

-   _Name_: A descriptive name for the test run
-   _Start-URL_: The base URL which is used by _navigation_ steps. Usually, it is used to specify the test environment to use.
-   _Conversion_: An auto-incrementing version number of the Worksheet
-   _Engine_: The browser used for testing
-   _Execute immediately_: Run the test now or set a custom scheduling time

Keep the pre-defined settings and click _Run_.
The dialog will close and you will be redirected to the _Queue_ page.
You can confirm that the test is running in the background by inspecting the corresponding row in the table.
An animated icon with two arrows is visible.
Additionally, if the Livelog feature is enabled, you can see the output of the runner in real-time.

## Inspect test results

The test execution will end after a while and the icon changes to a clipboard with a small checkmark.
This indicates that the test run finished successfully.

:::note

You can always go back to the Queue page by using the navigation menu on the left.

:::

### View the output log

Test runs that finished successfully provide a log for reviewing the test cases.
Click the eye icon on the _Output Log_ column of our test run.
The _Output Log_ dialog opens.

On the left side, the test cases will be listed.
We have written a single test case, therefore this list has only one element.
Click on the _Basic Editing_ heading to expand the case results.
The card shows all test steps including its duration.
Click on the _See Details_ button.
The dialog _Case Log details_ opens.
It also contains the list of all test steps, but for each step the corresponding entry from the log is listed.
This can be useful for inspecting failed tests.
Close the dialog by pressing the _X_ button in the top right corner.

On the right side of the _Output Log_ dialog, we can see the screenshot that was created by the test runner.
By clicking on the screenshot, an image viewer opens which can be closed by clicking the _X_ button in the top right corner.
Using the _Case_ and _Try_ dropdowns on the top we can filter the screenshot list.
This is useful when creating Worksheets with multiple test cases that create many screenshots.

Close the _Output Log_ dialog by pressing the _X_ button in the top right corner.

### View the test files

Another way to inspect test results is to review the test files directly.

To open the _Test Files_ dialog, click on the _Actions_ menu on the left and then on the _Test Files_ entry.
The dialog shows a table with all test files of the test run.

Some files were generated by LCT for setting up the test runner, while others were generated by the test runner itself.

For example:

-   `lct.spec.js` is a file generated by LCT which contains the test cases as converted Playwright code.
-   `output.log` is the test execution log generated by the test runner.

:::info

A more detailed list can be found on the [Test Execution](../guides/using-lct/test-execution.md#common-test-files) page.

:::

_View_ and _download_ these two files by clicking on the icons in the corresponding columns.

Close the dialog by pressing the _X_ button in the top right corner.

Now you know how to execute Worksheets and inspect the output from the test runner!
In the last part of this tutorial, we will automate executions using Test Suites.
